Clarify checkout starter kit auth (#362)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/connect.md

Depending on your Adobe Commerce setup, there are two options to authenticate and communicate with App Builder:

- [Configure Commerce Integration](#create-a-commerce-integration)

- [Configure Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)](#app-builder-authentication-ims)

If a Commerce integration is detected, it has precedence over IMS authentication. However, if neither option is detected or configured, then client instantiation will fail.

> ### App Builder authentication (IMS)

Reviewer: It's ok to keep the name as `Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)` (since both methods are for App Builder authentication):
```
App Builder authentication (IMS) => Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)
```

Also, the order of the bullet items is reversed, but we can keep it as before so that the sections are presented in order:
```
Depending on your Adobe Commerce setup, there are two options to authenticate and communicate with App Builder:
- Configure Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS) ==> first
- Configure Commerce Integration ==> second
```

> Use the following steps to create OAuth credentials for App Builder authentication:

Reviewer: Thanks for waiting — we were confirming the exact requirement for this step. The conclusion is that this step requires IMS as a prerequisite, but we should decouple it from the step to focus only on OAuth not like the previous document. Could we add a note that IMS is required?

```
</info>  
This step assumes that your Commerce instance has configured Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS), which is already configured in SaaS. Please check [Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS) for Adobe Commerce](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/start/admin/ims/adobe-ims-integration-overview.html).

Use the following steps to create OAuth credentials for App Builder authentication:  ~
```

> 1. Create new IMS credentials through the [Adobe Developer Console](https://developer.adobe.com/console). Add a new **API** service in the workspace. From the list of APIs, select **I/O Management API** and follow the displayed steps. After adding the API, all credentials are generated.

Reviewer: We noticed that this step is supposed to already be configured as part of [the initial configuration](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/starter-kit/checkout/getting-started/#initial-configuration). The written content describes manually adding it, which could be confusing. We thought that providing a screenshot of the expected result might help with understanding. Something like:

1. Create new IMS credentials through the [Adobe Developer Console](https://developer.adobe.com/console). The **I/O Management API** needs to be added to your workspace. This should already be completed as part of [the initial configuration](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/starter-kit/checkout/getting-started/#initial-configuration).
You can find the credentials in the workspace:
<img width="696" alt="Screenshot 2025-05-09 at 19 43 24" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5ab14e9-02f9-4da7-89c5-3550e2258f2c" />

Author: @kuflower I've moved this step closer to using the credentials as well, to avoid confusion.

Depending on your Adobe Commerce setup, there are two options to authenticate and communicate with App Builder:

- [Configure Commerce Integration](#create-a-commerce-integration)

- [Configure Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)](#app-builder-authentication-ims)

If a Commerce integration is detected, it has precedence over IMS authentication. However, if neither option is detected or configured, then client instantiation will fail.

### App Builder authentication (IMS)

Use the following steps to create OAuth credentials for App Builder authentication:

> <InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

Reviewer 2: I'd say the AdminSDK info should be part of `Getting started` instead of in `Connect` because this is related to IMS but more like a consequence of willing to use AdminSDK

Depending on your Adobe Commerce setup, there are two options to authenticate and communicate with App Builder:

- [Configure Commerce Integration](#create-a-commerce-integration)

- [Configure Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)](#configure-ims)

If a Commerce integration is detected, it has precedence over IMS authentication. However, if neither option is detected or configured, then client instantiation will fail.

### Configure IMS

The following sections describe how to configure IMS for Commerce and App Builder authentication.

> #### Configure IMS for Commerce

Reviewer 2: Instead of referring to this point as IMS configuration, wouldn't be better to just point to Admin SDK configuration if you plan to use it (https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/admin-ui-sdk/installation/)

Author: @obarcelonap, I've updated the PR to make the reference to Admin UI SDK a note.

- [Configure Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)](#adobe-identity-management-service-ims)

- [Configure Commerce Integration](#create-a-commerce-integration)

If a Commerce integration is detected, it has precedence over IMS authentication. However, if neither option is detected or configured, then client instantiation will fail.

### Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text1, text2"/>

&#8203;<Edition name="paas" /> This process requires a Commerce instance with [Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS) for Adobe Commerce](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/start/admin/ims/adobe-ims-integration-overview.html) configured.

SaaS instances already include IMS configuration.

Use the following steps to create OAuth credentials for App Builder authentication:

1. Access your IMS credentials through the [Adobe Developer Console](https://developer.adobe.com/console). Select the project and workspace you set up during the [initial configuration](./getting-started.md#initial-configuration). Then click **OAuth Server-to-Server** in the side-navigation menu.

>    <InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>
> 
>    The OAuth Server-to-Server option only displays if you have the Adobe I/O Management API enabled, which is done as part of the [initial configuration](./getting-started.md#initial-configuration).

Reviewer: I think this inline alert is not wrapping the content below, could you check it once more?

Something very picky about wording, maybe `added` sounds more natural than `enabled` (since it’s not something we turn on or off but add to the Console project).
```suggestion
   The OAuth Server-to-Server option displays if you have added the Adobe I/O Management API, which is done as part of the [initial configuration](./getting-started.md#initial-configuration).
```

Everything else looks good to me other than that; please feel free to go ahead 😊

1. On the **User Role** tab, select the Administrators role to provide all necessary permissions.

1. Access your IMS credentials through the [Adobe Developer Console](https://developer.adobe.com/console). Select the project and workspace you set up during the [initial configuration](./getting-started.md#initial-configuration). Then click **OAuth Server-to-Server** in the side-navigation menu.

> 

Reviewer: This step needs to go first, as before, because the step "Add a technical account with server-to-server credentials" requires this credential. (I understand it's smoothly connected to the next step, but 😞)

Regarding [this past comment](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility/pull/362#discussion_r2082221821), the menu "OAuth Server-to-Server" appears only when the "I/O Management API" is added to the workspace. This step can be added manually as described earlier, but our starter kit is designed it to complete it as part of the ["The starter kit requires you to add the following services in the console project: I/O Management API"](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/starter-kit/checkout/getting-started/#initial-configuration) step.
Do you have any ideas on how we might hint that the "I/O Management API" is required, and it should be done already part of the configuration?

Author: thanks @kuflower, i've made these changes as part of this [commit](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility/pull/362/commits/8e7b3aba2befcefd9c4dbe0c9b14cf58e8ef3096)
